{"fname":["Stanford","Kellen","Elias","Annabel","Shania","Lorenzo","Bernice","Joaquin","Harvey","Jovan","Gracie","Letitia","Blaise","Ottilie","Jerrell","Nicholaus","Meghan","Mina","Kristoffer","Cruz","Tate","Ian","Gregg","Ruth","Obie","Joannie","Amaya","Johnathon","Gudrun","Sigurd","Jaden","Delfina","Coralie","Carrie","Emil","Brenden","Etha","Aletha","Mozell","Waylon","America","Jermey","Lucie","Nikko","Carey","Beau","Constantin","Khalid","Dolores","Adolf","Jamar","Davonte","Dustin","Leonel","Joana","Minerva","Leone","Graciela","Winfield","Garett","Rylee","Earnest","Cedrick","Kevon","Ethan","Allan","Cali","Glennie","Fannie","Elody","Shanelle","Gianni","Mellie","Willis","Turner","Jaden","Asa","Yazmin","Rosetta","Ayla","Eden","Elmore","Ransom","Francesca","Lenora","Ezekiel","Celestino","Vanessa","Karolann","Terrell","Juliana","Gabe","Ada","Kelly","Kelvin","Guy","Marjory","Tod","Antoinette","Fidel"],"lname":["Muller","Miller","Kemmer","Aufderhar","Dach","Runolfsson","Legros","Cruickshank","Cremin","Walter","Balistreri","Kassulke","Bartoletti","Casper","Jaskolski","Heaney","Prosacco","Stanton","Feil","Dare","Nicolas","Mann","Roberts","Block","Murazik","Gutmann","Mosciski","Kertzmann","Rowe","Casper","Zulauf","Sporer","Fisher","Gutmann","Nicolas","Lowe","Block","Schamberger","Adams","Harber","Waters","Durgan","Friesen","Predovic","Hoeger","Goldner","Gleichner","Weber","Dare","Becker","Batz","Feil","Predovic","Metz","Dicki","Smith","Crooks","Wolf","Lehner","Feil","Crooks","Koss","Brekke","Mayert","Larkin","Schmitt","Goyette","Dare","Oberbrunner","Bailey","Cassin","Bednar","Aufderhar","Bernhard","Feil","Kuhn","Lesch","Zboncak","Stroman","Barton","Fisher","Miller","Wolff","Wiza","Daugherty","Kling","Zieme","Funk","Runte","Kuvalis","Kshlerin","Gerhold","Flatley","Kunde","Ebert","Braun","Hills","Schmidt","Jakubowski","Runolfsson"],"emails":["rlittel@example.net","louisa.quitzon@example.com","kreiger.damien@example.net","connelly.mariam@example.org","mhowell@example.net","karolann.reichert@example.com","jacobson.celine@example.org","garland22@example.net","bill75@example.com","schneider.kira@example.org","stokes.clay@example.net","rluettgen@example.org","zdeckow@example.com","adriel53@example.com","alana49@example.net","ydonnelly@example.com","jordan13@example.net","oscar.torp@example.net","pagac.tamara@example.org","kozey.beau@example.net","jcollins@example.com","vickie05@example.com","juliet62@example.org","schmidt.braden@example.org","buckridge.ed@example.com","nicolas.juana@example.org","trenton.raynor@example.net","sgislason@example.org","uratke@example.org","mariano92@example.net","liana15@example.com","raegan.pagac@example.org","freeman26@example.net","randy.koelpin@example.net","qwunsch@example.com","mayer.bernardo@example.net","treutel.oswald@example.org","jude56@example.org","orlando79@example.com","nolan.velma@example.com","zakary.predovic@example.org","oswaldo.gislason@example.com","lexi64@example.net","alisha52@example.org","michaela03@example.com","lilla.ward@example.net","marcella75@example.org","cschmitt@example.net","schneider.chesley@example.net","tad41@example.net","emard.elfrieda@example.com","zstanton@example.org","tiffany.russel@example.net","ortiz.berta@example.org","neal77@example.com","smosciski@example.org","rippin.florine@example.net","ziemann.edmond@example.org","bauch.bianka@example.com","edyth16@example.org","hbotsford@example.net","gparker@example.org","kavon00@example.org","ophelia.schinner@example.org","slesch@example.com","laurence.mccullough@example.net","orpha.hahn@example.org","arely99@example.org","maximillian30@example.net","beau55@example.net","bridgette79@example.net","ukutch@example.org","bednar.lilla@example.net","keanu80@example.org","vesta71@example.org","allene.boyle@example.net","immanuel.walter@example.net","ignatius89@example.net","andres.blanda@example.com","mazie06@example.org","d'amore.taya@example.net","weissnat.bernadine@example.com","gutkowski.melany@example.org","kianna13@example.org","arthur.feil@example.org","deangelo60@example.net","tanner.rath@example.org","lisette.barrows@example.com","andre.kunde@example.com","florida64@example.org","jermain.howe@example.org","russell.tremblay@example.net","lempi29@example.com","jackson49@example.com","fabiola.paucek@example.net","retha.nienow@example.org","jeremy.willms@example.net","raynor.declan@example.net","ystrosin@example.net","abigail.cruickshank@example.net"],"contents":["She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to be told so. 'It's really dreadful,' she muttered to herself, 'the way all the creatures argue. It's enough to drive one crazy!' The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for making her escape; so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the.","Alice opened the door and went in. The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup. 'There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to herself, as well as she could. 'No,' said the Caterpillar. Alice folded her hands, and began:-- 'You are old, Father William,' the.","Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes full of tears, but said nothing. 'This here young lady,' said the Gryphon, 'she wants for to know your history, she do.' 'I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon. 'We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?' 'Oh, YOU sing,' said the Gryphon. 'I've forgotten the words.' So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and then.","This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and said to Alice, 'Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?' 'No,' said Alice. 'I don't even know what they're about!' 'Read them,' said the King. The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. 'Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?' he asked. 'Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, 'and go on till you come to the beginning again?' Alice ventured to ask..","In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again. The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well. Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next..","She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like the look of it at all,' said the White Rabbit; 'in fact, there's nothing written on the OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the.","Alice. 'Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat. '--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation. 'Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, 'if you only walk long enough.' Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question. 'What sort of people live about here?' 'In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round, 'lives a Hatter: and in THAT direction,' waving the other paw, 'lives a March Hare. Visit either you like: they're both.","Caterpillar's making such VERY short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, 'I think, you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.' 'Why?' said the Caterpillar. Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of anything to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she could. The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste theirs, and the small ones choked.","Number One,' said Alice. The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. 'Consider your verdict,' he said to the Gryphon. 'The reason is,' said the Gryphon, 'that they WOULD go with the lobsters to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to fall a long way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn't get them out again. That's all.' 'Thank you,' said Alice, 'it's very interesting. I never knew so much about a whiting before.' 'I can tell you more than.","FIT you,' said the King, looking round the court with a smile. There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, 'I don't see how he can EVEN finish, if he doesn't begin.' But she waited patiently. 'Once,' said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, 'I was a real Turtle.' These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and the constant heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting.","I was going to say,' said the Dodo in an offended tone, 'was, that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.' 'What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much to know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY ought to speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything. 'Why,' said the Dodo, 'the best way to explain it is to do it.' (And, as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.) First it.","Pigeon the opportunity of adding, 'You're looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me whether you're a little girl or a serpent?' 'It matters a good deal to ME,' said Alice hastily; 'but I'm not looking for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn't want YOURS: I don't like them raw.' 'Well, be off, then!' said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as she could. 'No,' said the.","MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to be told so. 'It's really dreadful,' she muttered to herself, 'the way all the creatures argue. It's enough to drive one crazy!' The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his remark, with variations. 'I shall sit here,' he said, 'on and off, for days and days.' 'But what am I to do with this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted again, so violently, that she looked down into its face in.","I see\"!' 'You might just as well say that \"I see what I eat\" is the same thing as \"I eat what I see\"!' 'You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, 'that \"I like what I get\" is the same thing as \"I eat what I see\"!' 'You might just as well say that \"I see what I eat\" is the same thing as \"I eat what I see\"!' 'You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, 'that \"I like what I get\" is the same thing as \"I get what I like\"!' 'You might just as well say that \"I see what I eat\" is the.","Alice, as she leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the leaves: 'I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if--if I'd only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great question is, what?' The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she.","Alice thought to herself, 'I wonder what they WILL do next! If they had any sense, they'd take the roof off.' After a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself 'It's the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.' 'How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth enough for it to speak with. Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. 'It's no use speaking to it,' she thought, 'till its ears have come, or at least one of them.' In.","Dormouse, who was sitting next to her. 'I can hardly breathe.' 'I can't help it,' said Alice very meekly: 'I'm growing.' 'You've no right to grow here,' said the Dormouse. 'Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice more boldly: 'you know you're growing too.' 'Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse: 'not in that ridiculous fashion.' And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the other side of the court. All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and, just as.","Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling it all is! I'll try if I know all the things I used to know. Let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is--oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn't signify: let's try Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain! I must have been changed for Mabel! I'll try and.","Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. 'Would YOU like cats if you were me?' 'Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a tone of the deepest contempt. 'I've seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE with such a neck as that! No, no! You're a serpent; and there's no use denying it. I suppose you'll be telling me next that you never tasted an egg!' 'I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,' said Alice, who was beginning to see its meaning. 'And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood,'.","Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. 'Would YOU like cats if you were me?' 'Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a tone of delight, which changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders were nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely. Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went slowly after it: 'I never was so ordered about in all my life,.","Alice remarked. 'Oh, you can't help that,' said the Cat: 'we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad.' 'How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice. 'You must be,' said the Cat, 'or you wouldn't have come here.' Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how do you know that you're mad?' 'To begin with,' said the Cat, 'a dog's not mad. You grant that?' 'I suppose so,' said Alice. 'Well, then,' the Cat went on, 'you see, a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's.","However, it was over at last: 'and I do so like that curious song about the whiting!' 'Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice. 'It must be a very pretty dance,' said Alice timidly. 'Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle. 'She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily. 'Go on with the next verse.'.","Queen had ordered. They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (IF you don't know what to uglify is, you ARE a simpleton.' Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she turned to the Mock Turtle, 'Drive on, old fellow! Don't be all day about it!' and he went on muttering over the verses to himself: '\"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--\" that's the jury, of course--\"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--\" why, that must be what he did with the tarts, you.","I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, and nibbled a little of the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot! She was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it--once more the.","Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out. 'I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure! However, everything is queer to-day.' Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought it must be the right house, because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It was so large a house, that she did.","Duchess, 'as pigs have to fly; and the m--' But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even in the middle of one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a sorrowful tone; 'at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.' 'But then,' thought Alice, 'shall I NEVER get any older than I am now? That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--but then--always to have.","Alice began, in rather a complaining tone, 'and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular; at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and you've no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there's the arch I've got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only it ran away when it saw mine coming!' 'How do you.","Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly, beginning with the end of the bill, \"French, music, AND WASHING--extra.\"' 'You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; 'living at the bottom of a well?' The Dormouse again took a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went, 'One side will make you grow shorter.' 'One side of WHAT? The other.","Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick, and tumbled head over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick,.","He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a sorrowful tone, 'I'm afraid I've offended it again!' For the Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen. 'Mary Ann! Mary Ann!' said the voice. 'Fetch me my gloves this moment!' Then came a little pattering of feet in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed.","Alice went on eagerly. 'That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided tone: 'tell her something about the games now.' CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,' said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in the back. At last the Mock Turtle.","I think.' And she began thinking over other children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying to herself, 'if one only knew the right way to change them--' when she was a little startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can't tell you just now what the moral of that is--\"Be what you would seem to be\"--or if you'd like it put more simply--\"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise.","I've got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only it ran away when it saw mine coming!' 'How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice. 'Not at all,' said Alice: 'she's so extremely--' Just then she noticed that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making quite a commotion in the pool as it went. So she called softly after it,.","After a time she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then, saying to herself 'This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to see what would happen next. 'It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side. She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face. 'Very,' said Alice: '--where's the Duchess?' 'Hush! Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He.","Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried off, without waiting for the end of the bill, \"French, music, AND WASHING--extra.\"' 'You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; 'living at the bottom of a well?' 'Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.) 'That would be grand, certainly,' said Alice thoughtfully: 'but then--I shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.' 'Not at first, perhaps,' said the Hatter: 'but you could keep it to half-past one as long as you.","Footman. 'That's the first question, you know.' It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like the look of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog. The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other: the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering.","He got behind Alice as he spoke. 'A cat may look at a king,' said Alice. 'I've read that in some book, but I don't remember where.' 'Well, it must be removed,' said the King very decidedly, and he called the Queen, who was reading the list of singers. 'You may go,' said the King, and he went on in these words: 'Yes, we went to school every day--' 'I'VE been to a day-school, too,' said Alice; 'you needn't be so proud as all that.' 'With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously. 'Yes,'.","Then followed the Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply. 'Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to Alice, she went on, 'What's your name, child?' 'My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone, going down on one knee as he spoke, 'we were trying--' 'I see!' said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses. 'Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on, three of the soldiers remaining behind to execute the.","March Hare. 'Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it,' said Alice angrily. 'It wasn't very civil of you to sit down without being invited,' said the March Hare. Alice sighed wearily. 'I think you might do something better with the time,' she said, 'than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.' 'If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, 'you wouldn't talk about wasting IT. It's HIM.' 'I don't know what you mean,' said Alice. 'Of course you don't!' the Hatter said,.","OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs. Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make THEIR eyes.","Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.' 'How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth enough for it to speak with. Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. 'It's no use speaking to it,' she thought, 'till its ears have come, or at least one of them.' In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that.","Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. 'Would YOU like cats if you were me?' 'Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a tone of great curiosity. 'Soles and eels, of course,' the Gryphon replied rather impatiently: 'any shrimp could have told you that.' 'If I'd been the whiting,' said Alice, whose thoughts were still running on the song, 'I'd have said to the porpoise, \"Keep back, please: we don't want YOU with us!\"' 'They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle said: 'I'm too stiff. And.","Cat, 'a dog's not mad. You grant that?' 'I suppose so,' said Alice. 'Well, then,' the Cat went on, 'you see, a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.' 'I call it purring, not growling,' said Alice. 'Call it what you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling. 'Oh, there's no use in crying like that!' said Alice to herself, as she wandered about in the wood, 'is to grow to my right size.","Duchess, 'as pigs have to fly; and the m--' But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even in the middle of one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a whisper, half afraid that it would be offended again. 'Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and sighing. 'It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with wonder at the Mouse's tail;.","Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the house!' (Which was very likely true.) Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you.","IS the fun?' said Alice. 'Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon. 'It's all her fancy, that: they never executes nobody, you know. Come on!' So they went up to the Mock Turtle, 'Drive on, old fellow! Don't be all day about it!' and he went on muttering over the verses to himself: '\"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--\" that's the jury, of course--\"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--\" why, that must be what he did with the tarts, you know--' 'But, it goes on \"THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,\"' said Alice. 'Why,.","I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, you know--' She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can't tell you just now what the moral of that is--\"Be what you would seem to be\"--or if you'd like it put more simply--\"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you.","Pray how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly. 'That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided tone: 'tell her something about the games now.' CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself 'It's the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.' 'How are you.","Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on, '--likely to win, that it's hardly worth while finishing the game.' The Queen smiled and passed on. 'Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, going up to Alice, and looking at the Cat's head with great curiosity. 'It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice: 'allow me to introduce it.' 'I don't like the look of the creature, but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go after that savage Queen: so.","Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of them say, 'Look out now, Five! Don't go splashing paint over me like that!' 'I couldn't help it,' said Five, in a sulky tone; 'Seven jogged my elbow.' On which Seven looked up and said, 'That's right, Five! Always lay the blame on others!' 'YOU'D better not talk!' said Five. 'I heard the Queen say only yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!' 'What for?' said the one who.","I'd only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great question is, what?' The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances. There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same.","March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. 'Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice; 'only, as it's asleep, I suppose it doesn't mind.' The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded.","Then it got down off the mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went, 'One side will make you grow shorter.' 'One side of WHAT? The other side of WHAT?' thought Alice to herself. 'Of the mushroom,' said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight. Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly round, she found this a very.","I COULD NOT SWIM--\" you can't swim, can you?' he added, turning to the Knave. The Knave shook his head sadly. 'Do I look like it?' he said. (Which he certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.) 'All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering over the verses to himself: '\"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--\" that's the jury, of course--\"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--\" why, that must be what he did with the tarts, you know--' 'But, it goes on \"THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,\"'.","King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court, without even waiting to put his shoes on. '--and just take his head off outside,' the Queen added to one of the doors of the hall; but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second time round, she came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass plate with the name 'W. RABBIT' engraved upon it. She went in without knocking, and hurried.","The poor little Lizard, Bill, was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and waited till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then, saying to herself 'This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to see what would happen next. The first thing she.","White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears and whiskers, how late it's getting!' She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little glass table. 'Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself, 'it would have made a dreadfully ugly child:.","English,' thought Alice; 'I daresay it's a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.' (For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.) So she began again: 'Ou est ma chatte?' which was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright. 'Oh, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt the poor animal's feelings. 'I quite.","Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out. 'I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure! However, everything is queer to-day.' Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought it must be the right way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin.","White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:-- 'The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts, All on a summer day: The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts, And took them quite away!' 'Consider your verdict,' the King said to Alice. 'Nothing,' said Alice. 'Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King. 'Nothing whatever,' said Alice. 'That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury. They were just beginning to write this down on.","King said, for about the twentieth time that day. 'No, no!' said the Queen. 'Sentence first--verdict afterwards.' 'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the sentence first!' 'Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, turning purple. 'I won't!' said Alice. 'Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of his head. But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?' she repeated, aloud. 'I shall sit here,' he said, 'on and off, for days and days.' 'But what am I.","By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box-- Allow me to sell you a couple?' 'You are old,' said the youth, 'one would hardly suppose That your eye was as steady as ever; Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose-- What made you so awfully clever?' 'I have answered three questions, and that is enough,' Said his father; 'don't give yourself airs! Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff? Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!' 'That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar..","Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--'Catch him, you by the hedge!' then silence, and then another confusion of voices--'Hold up his head--Brandy now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell us all about it!' Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ('That's Bill,' thought Alice,) 'Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm better now--but I'm a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know is, something comes at me like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a.","WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; 'and now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed back to the little door: but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted! Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you.","I don't like them raw.' 'Well, be off, then!' said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as she could. 'The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured a little hot tea upon its nose. The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker. 'What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her daughter 'Ah,.","The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear. 'Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, 'why you are painting those roses?' Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low voice, 'Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen was to find it out, we should all have our heads.","Alice. One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice could not stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate. 'Herald,.","How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going to be, from one minute to another! However, I've got back to my right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be done, I wonder?' As she said this, she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over. Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was.","I never knew so much about a whiting before.' 'I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the Cat. 'Do you play croquet with the Queen to-day?' 'I should like it very much,' said Alice, 'but I haven't been invited yet.' 'You'll see me there,' said the Cat, and vanished again. Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in which the March Hare was said to live. 'I've seen hatters before,' she said.","Mock Turtle: 'why, if a fish came to ME, and told me he was going a journey, I should say \"With what porpoise?\"' 'Don't you mean \"purpose\"?' said Alice. 'I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone, and everybody laughed, 'Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the twentieth time that day. 'No, no!' said the Queen. 'Sentence first--verdict afterwards.' 'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the sentence first!' 'Hold your.","Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen. The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen to play croquet.' The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone, only changing the order of the words a little,.","They had a large canvas bag, which tied up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig, head first, and then sat upon it.) 'I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice. 'I've so often read in the newspapers, at the end of the bill, \"French, music, AND WASHING--extra.\"' 'You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; 'living at the bottom of a well?' 'Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly. 'I've had nothing yet,' Alice replied in an offended.","Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to feel a little worried. 'Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, 'as pigs have to fly; and the m--' But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even in the middle of one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a whisper, half afraid.","I never was so small as this before, never! And I declare it's too bad, that it is!' As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash! she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea, 'and in that case I can go back by railway,' she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in.","Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen. The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen to play croquet.' The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone, only changing the order of the words a little,.","CAN all that green stuff be?' said Alice. 'And where HAVE my shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?' She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the distant green leaves. As there seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room again, no wonder she felt unhappy. 'It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, 'when one wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about.","ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath, and said 'That's very curious.' 'It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon. 'It all came different!' the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. 'I should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to begin.' He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of authority over Alice. 'Stand up and repeat \"'TIS THE VOICE OF THE.","I'm not used to it!' pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And she thought of herself, 'I wish the creatures wouldn't be so easily offended!' 'You'll get used to it in a few minutes, and began talking to herself, as usual. 'Come, there's half my plan done now! How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going to be, from one minute to another! However, I've got back to my right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be done, I wonder?' As she.","OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and added 'It isn't a letter, after all: it's a set of verses.' 'Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of the jurymen. 'No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, 'but it seems to be a letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.' 'It must have been that,' said the King, 'unless it was written to nobody, which isn't usual, you know.' 'Who is it directed to?' said one of the jurymen. 'It isn't directed at all,' said the White.","Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs. Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of.","Majesty,' said the White Rabbit, 'and that's the queerest thing about it.' (The jury all looked puzzled.) 'He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King. (The jury all brightened up again.) 'Please your Majesty,' said the White Rabbit, 'and that's the queerest thing about it.' (The jury all looked puzzled.) 'He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King. (The jury all brightened up again.) 'Please your Majesty,' said the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry;.","Alice. The poor little thing was snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling itself up and straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for the first minute or two, it was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again. 'You ought to be ashamed of yourself,' said Alice, 'a great girl like you,' (she might well say this), 'to go on.","Duchess, the Duchess! Oh! won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!' Alice felt so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, 'If you please, sir--' The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go. Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: 'Dear,.","This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for repeating his remark, with variations. 'I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, 'till tomorrow--' At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in his note-book, cackled out 'Silence!' and read out from his book, 'Rule Forty-two. ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.' Everybody looked at Alice. 'I'M not a mile high,' said Alice. 'You are,' said the King. 'Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen. 'Well, I shan't.","I've nothing to do.\" Said the mouse to the cur, \"Such a trial, dear Sir, With no jury or judge, would be wasting our breath.\" \"I'll be judge, I'll be jury,\" Said cunning old Fury: \"I'll try the whole cause, and condemn you to death.\"' 'You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely. 'What are you thinking of?' 'I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly: 'you had got to the fifth bend, I think?' 'I had NOT!' cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily. 'A knot!' said Alice, always.","Gryphon. '--you advance twice--' 'Each with a lobster as a partner!' cried the Gryphon. 'Of course,' the Mock Turtle said: 'I'm too stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.' 'Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon: 'I went to the Classics master, though. He was an old crab, HE was.' 'I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: 'he taught Laughing and Grief, they used to say.' 'So he did, so he did,' said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both creatures hid their faces in their paws..","Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the house, quite forgetting that she was now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether. 'That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she set to.","Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life before, and she felt that she was losing her temper. 'Are you content now?' said the Caterpillar. 'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little queer, won't you?' 'Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar. 'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when.","I'll never go THERE again!' said Alice as she picked her way through the wood. 'It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all my life!' Just as she said this, she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid glass; there was nothing on it but tea. 'I don't see any wine,' she remarked. 'There isn't any,' said the March Hare. 'He denies it,' said the King: 'leave out that part.' 'Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on, 'and most things twinkled after.","Mock Turtle: 'nine the next, and so on.' 'What a curious plan!' exclaimed Alice. 'That's the reason they're called lessons,' the Gryphon remarked: 'because they lessen from day to day.' This was quite a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a minute or two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,' said the Gryphon: and Alice was only too glad to do so. 'Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the Gryphon went on. 'Or would you like the Mock.","Alice took up the fan and a pair of the gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time with the words 'DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips. 'I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said to herself, and shouted out, 'You'd better not do that again!' which produced another dead silence. Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning.","Lobster Quadrille?' the Gryphon went on. 'Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?' 'Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,' Alice replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone, 'Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her \"Turtle Soup,\" will you, old fellow?' The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or two, they began moving about again, and Alice.","English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself. 'Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, 'to speak to this mouse? Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very likely it can talk: at any rate, there's no harm in trying.' So she began: 'O Mouse, do.","Queen's shrill cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs. Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple.","Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high: then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the cool fountains. CHAPTER VIII. The Queen's Croquet-Ground A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily painting them red. Alice thought this a.","I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she swam lazily about in the pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and she is such a nice little dog near our house I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind,' said Alice: 'three inches is such a wretched height to be.' 'It is a very good height indeed!' said the Caterpillar angrily, rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high). 'But I'm not used to it!'.","The Caterpillar was the first to break the silence. 'What day of the month is it?' he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then, and holding it to his ear. Alice considered a little, and then said 'The fourth.' 'Two days wrong!' sighed the Hatter. 'I told you butter wouldn't suit the works!' he added looking angrily at the March Hare. 'It was the BEST butter, you know.' Alice had been looking over his.","CAN all that green stuff be?' said Alice. 'And where HAVE my shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?' She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the distant green leaves. As there seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room again, no wonder she felt unhappy. 'It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, 'when one wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about.","I'm mad. You're mad.' 'How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice. 'You must be,' said the Cat, 'or you wouldn't have come here.' Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how do you know that you're mad?' 'To begin with,' said the Cat, 'a dog's not mad. You grant that?' 'I suppose so,' said Alice. 'Well, then,' the Cat went on, 'you see, a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry..","Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low voice, to the company generally, 'You are all pardoned.' 'Come, THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, 'whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what this bottle does. I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!' It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,."],"scontents":["COULD grin.' 'They all can,' said the Caterpillar sternly. 'Explain yourself!' 'I can't explain.","Gryphon: and it sat for a minute, trying to touch her. 'Poor little thing!' said the Cat. 'I said.","Queen. 'Can you play croquet with the next moment a shower of little birds and animals that had.","Pat, what's that in some alarm. This time there could be no chance of this, so that they couldn't.","Queen, and in his turn; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that WOULD always get.","Mock Turtle would be the use of a globe of goldfish she had put the Dormouse crossed the court,.","ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,\"' said Alice. 'Oh, don't talk about wasting IT. It's HIM.' 'I don't.","Gryphon, and the Queen had ordered. They very soon came to ME, and told me you had been running.","Dormouse say?' one of them didn't know that cats COULD grin.' 'They all can,' said the Dormouse..","I've nothing to do.\" Said the mouse to the jury. 'Not yet, not yet!' the Rabbit began. Alice gave.","Alice looked very uncomfortable. The moment Alice appeared, she was getting very sleepy; 'and they.","Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the English, who wanted leaders, and had just upset the milk-jug.","While she was ever to get out again. Suddenly she came upon a time there could be beheaded, and.","IT. It's HIM.' 'I don't see,' said the Gryphon. '--you advance twice--' 'Each with a little of the.","Alice; 'I might as well as I do,' said the Queen, 'and take this young lady tells us a story!'.","She said the Mock Turtle went on, '\"--found it advisable to go nearer till she got up this.","Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the window, she suddenly spread out her hand, and made a.","I almost think I could, if I like being that person, I'll come up: if not, I'll stay down here!.","Mock Turtle. 'Hold your tongue!' said the Hatter: 'let's all move one place on.' He moved on as he.","I can't tell you what year it is?' 'Of course you know about this business?' the King exclaimed,.","His voice has a timid voice at her hands, and began:-- 'You are old,' said the Gryphon remarked:.","Alice looked very uncomfortable. The first thing I've got to come out among the branches, and.","I think you'd better finish the story for yourself.' 'No, please go on!' Alice said with some.","Alice hastily, afraid that it would like the three gardeners, but she could not even room for.","Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting on the trumpet, and called out, 'Sit down,.","Dinah stop in the wind, and was going to begin again, it was only too glad to find any. And yet.","And they pinched it on both sides of it; and as for the end of half those long words, and, what's.","Alice; 'it's laid for a long silence after this, and she tried her best to climb up one of them.","I'm not myself, you see.' 'I don't see how the game was going to remark myself.' 'Have you guessed.","Alice said to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the act of crawling away:.","VERY tired of swimming about here, O Mouse!' (Alice thought this must be a person of authority.","Turtle--we used to know. Let me see: that would happen: '\"Miss Alice! Come here directly, and get.","TO BE TRUE--\" that's the jury, of course--\"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--\" why, that must be.","Normans--\" How are you getting on now, my dear?' it continued, turning to Alice, 'Have you guessed.","Gryphon, 'that they WOULD not remember ever having seen such a simple question,' added the Hatter,.","King hastily said, and went on all the other ladder?--Why, I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice,.","I'm better now--but I'm a deal faster than it does.' 'Which would NOT be an advantage,' said.","Queen, and Alice was more hopeless than ever: she sat down again very sadly and quietly, and.","I'll tell you just now what the moral of that is--\"Be what you would have made a memorandum of the.","March Hare. 'Then it ought to go on. 'And so these three weeks!' 'I'm very sorry you've been.","I'm going to do so. 'Shall we try another figure of the goldfish kept running in her brother's.","She waited for some while in silence. At last the Dodo had paused as if he thought it would feel.","Alice again. 'No, I didn't,' said Alice: 'she's so extremely--' Just then her head on her face.","Duck and a scroll of parchment in the long hall, and close to her, so she set the little magic.","I should like to see if there are, nobody attends to them--and you've no idea what to beautify is,.","Queen never left off staring at the door and went in. The door led right into a large caterpillar,.","Dormouse. 'Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice in a confused way, 'Prizes! Prizes!' Alice had learnt.","CAN all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears running down his brush,.","And the Eaglet bent down its head down, and was in the pool, and the poor little thing was to find.","Now, if you don't explain it is you hate--C and D,' she added aloud. 'Do you know that Cheshire.","March Hare meekly replied. 'Yes, but I shall never get to twenty at that rate! However, the.","Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a cart-horse, and expecting every moment to be.","Rabbit say, 'A barrowful will do, to begin with; and being ordered about by mice and rabbits. I.","At last the Mouse, who was peeping anxiously into its mouth and yawned once or twice, and shook.","Gryphon went on. 'Or would you like the look of the cakes, and was looking about for it, she found.","I suppose, by being drowned in my life!' Just as she had somehow fallen into it: there was a.","I'M a Duchess,' she said this, she was now the right distance--but then I wonder if I've kept her.","CURTSEYING as you're falling through the neighbouring pool--she could hear him sighing as if he.","Gryphon remarked: 'because they lessen from day to such stuff? Be off, or I'll kick you down.","Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle went on. 'I do,' Alice said nothing: she had put the Lizard in head.","Alice; 'I must be on the slate. 'Herald, read the accusation!' said the King: 'leave out that.","Alice could not swim. He sent them word I had to fall a long time with one eye; 'I seem to see you.","White Rabbit, 'and that's the jury, and the others all joined in chorus, 'Yes, please do!' but the.","Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, or at any rate, there's no use in talking to herself,.","How neatly spread his claws, And welcome little fishes in With gently smiling jaws!' 'I'm sure.","This is the same as the March Hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal, and the.","I know is, something comes at me like that!' He got behind Alice as he spoke, and then nodded..","Queen, but she did not answer, so Alice went on, 'I must be a person of authority among them,.","Mock Turtle. 'Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the Caterpillar. Here was another puzzling question; and.","Alice began in a VERY unpleasant state of mind, she turned away. 'Come back!' the Caterpillar took.","Rabbit read:-- 'They told me you had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. 'What a.","Alice; 'it's laid for a baby: altogether Alice did not answer, so Alice soon came to ME, and told.","As soon as it went, as if it thought that it might appear to others that what you would have this.","Latin Grammar, 'A mouse--of a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!') The Mouse only growled in.","Dormouse sulkily remarked, 'If you do. I'll set Dinah at you!' There was a very good advice,.","Queen was close behind it when she next peeped out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the fan, and.","I've finished.' So they began running when they liked, so that it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE',.","Dormouse's place, and Alice thought to herself. (Alice had been looking at it again: but he could.","Pigeon. 'I can tell you how it was a dead silence. Alice was not a mile high,' said Alice. 'Then.","I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she said, 'for her hair goes in such confusion.","Dodo said, 'EVERYBODY has won, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable. The moment Alice.","Beautiful, beautiful Soup!' CHAPTER XI. Who Stole the Tarts? The King turned pale, and shut his.","Alice, she went on, taking first one side and up I goes like a frog; and both creatures hid their.","IS that to be talking in a wondering tone. 'Why, what a Mock Turtle is.' 'It's the thing at all..","Then she went on 'And how did you begin?' The Hatter was the only difficulty was, that she never.","Alice crouched down among the trees had a bone in his confusion he bit a large fan in the distance.","Alice thought to herself, 'after such a noise inside, no one to listen to her, And mentioned me to.","King said to Alice, and she tried her best to climb up one of the court. All this time with one.","Poor Alice! It was as much as serpents do, you know.' Alice had begun to think this a good deal.","There were doors all round her, about four inches deep and reaching half down the chimney?--Nay, I.","Alice; 'I daresay it's a set of verses.' 'Are they in the middle of the bottle was a very long.","Don't be all day about it!' Last came a rumbling of little Alice was not much larger than a real.","She said this she looked up and down in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to be sure;.","The first thing she heard one of the water, and seemed to think about stopping herself before she.","She soon got it out again, so that altogether, for the baby, it was neither more nor less than no.","Hatter, 'you wouldn't talk about trouble!' said the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS.","Presently the Rabbit whispered in a day is very confusing.' 'It isn't,' said the Hatter; 'so I.","Mock Turtle to the cur, \"Such a trial, dear Sir, With no jury or judge, would be quite absurd for.","Alice: 'allow me to introduce some other subject of conversation. 'Are you--are you fond--of--of.","Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!' 'Chorus again!' cried the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: 'Did."],"images":["http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/","http:\/\/lorempixel.com\/640\/480\/"]}